Hey. Hello?
Can.
Can you hear me? I can. Can you hear me? Yep. Cool.
Alright. So in my mind is, 3 things. Just
checking in.
What's.
How's it going with the max stuff? Like, what what do you see is, like where's the value creation, that
sort of thing?
Yeah. I mean, that was disappointing not to get the the I was really expecting the AR team to
show up today. It's, I guess, Stephanie was sick. Katarina is MIA.
So, yeah, that was sorry?
Cat problems. I think Stephanie Stephanie is sick, but
I don't know.
If Stephanie's sick. Katarina has cat problems, but if you don't think that you wanted from
them, I can probably give it to you.
Got it. It was more of, like, just bouncing ideas off of them and and just getting a getting a better
understanding of, like, what's in the dashboard, what are all the because. Max and I are looking to export. We're
looking at the export of of all the metrics that are in in the AR dashboard, and the way
it was exported is, like, metrics are repeating themselves multiple times, and like, there's
clearly different tables where the same metric shows up in different tables, so we, like,
we want them to give us context on what the different tables are and
just to look at our idea for the chatbot to see how that aligns with the dashboards. But
timing for them to to commit to showing up
next week. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Good, and then otherwise, how's it what's the list with this that sales ops thing?
Yeah. We have a little a meeting on the books with Dushan and tomorrow to review the
latest chatbot. We've spent the most time on this today because
I would like this to be, like, kind of game time ready and and usable.
But, the biggest challenge to overcome now is, like, the image
retrieval, because they want the chatbot to reply with images
that are, like, like, screenshots that Teodora took, and they're part of the SOP, and they show,
like, some important stuff. So that's something that
we're that we've been working through today, and then also, like, we have a list
of we compiled a list of questions for them and requests how to make the doc better so
the chatbot works better.
But there was, like, a little bit of I mean, there's things that Max has
been doing that's like he did it with Claude Code, and Claude Code kind of figured it out, and
he doesn't really truly understand how it works. So it's like reverse
engineering it and writing a spec spec sheet together today
to just, like, structure it, basically. And.
We see he doesn't understand how it works. Which aspect does he understand? You mean, like, the underlying sales ops process? The.
Retrieval. Like, the the the technical aspect of, like, how does the how how does
the AI retrieve? Like, there's 3 scoring, formulas that
Claude Code came up with, based on how how it it will retrieve images. So,
like, one is the image label. Like, it's just gonna look at the exact match of the image label
based on what the query in the chat was. One was, like, context context
retrieval. So, like, basically, is the text around it does
does that make sense with the image, and there's a few of these scoring rules, and that just got
baked in into some, like, JSON file, and Max just kinda ran with it but didn't really understand.
Like, without really understanding those rules, we can't troubleshoot them. We can't understand, like,
why are the images the image replies are wrong. For a lot of the the
queries that we put in, the image replies are wrong, which I think a a large part of this is gonna just come
down to, like, better labeling. But.
What's the what is there a workaround? I mean, I guess I don't understand why we why do we
need images?
I.
Was also asking the same question. Theodora has clearly put in a lot of hours into, like,
building this SOP, and then she believes the images like, some images basically provide the
context that the team needs, and she, like, did red squares and arrows that
she wants to things.
Yeah. Like,
things like this?
What?
That's a table. It's it's an image it's an image of a table.
Yeah. My original.
Plan was to, like, basically turn all of this into Markdown.
But they really and I my my ultimate
goal is, like, I want them to be happy with the outcome, and I think even replies learning
how to do image replies is helpful. But it has turned out to be, like,
a bigger rabbit hole than I expected.
But, yeah, we do I mean, the chatbot is replying with images. A lot of times, it's
correctly replying. But if there's, like for example, there's this case. I
think it was oh, yeah. Nevada tips and tricks. Like, here, the images don't have labels
underneath them, and they're like so for in this case, it wasn't retrieving correctly. But
I think yeah. I probably Max was too deep into
just, like, figuring the sub by himself or like, adapting to
what's in the doc without changing anything, which I think it's like, we just have to get that sales ops team to
add a label under each image.
Yeah. That makes sense.
Well, that that's been one of the things that we also he built actually, this is helpful
to I mean, it's like the first actual
live chatbot on a website that he built. Where
is it?
Oh, it's not that. Screen search.
Did you delete it?
There we go. So this is, like, an actual live site with it's
like.
I mean, this is terrible, so we have to work on making this better. Well, Vedrana was we were showing
this Vedrana because she stopped by the office.
Oh, interesting.
So maybe something is wrong currently or something. Anyway, we
were we were kinda brainstorming ideas how to make this better and push it
to the website because I think, again, the discussion is
that people are currently monetizing some really silly things, and the industry
is nascent. So the the goal is to just go live with this and keep
upgrading it with, like, the image generation and get a better UI that's
gonna and then also, like, help by help dispensaries by adding
an attachment. So, like, we talked about huge dispensaries, MSOs. They get thousands of
new strains every week. Like, the power play is upload a CSV file of 1,000 strains
and just get get it populated inside of the sheet. Like, get all these stats populated inside
of the sheet instead of, like, manually searching each one. Okay. Makes sense.
So the sales ops thing, like, what's a query that they wanna do?
How do we how what's the order limit in in Maryland, or
how do we split orders in Nevada, and usually, like,
the order split rules are different for RISE stores versus general stores because they have
different I mean, they they obviously treat their own stores as, like, they give them preferential treatment.
Better pricing, better, like, higher order or higher order limits and stuff like that. So,
like, each state has its own rules for, like, what are the limits, how
do you input orders, do do batteries go on a different invoice? Do they not? There's
all these nuances, and they also break down by by state and
then break down by regular orders and rise orders. So,
like, non non GTI owned stores versus GTI owned stores.
The way I see it, the basis of a sales order entry agent, like, this
is what is the, like, the rules that
it should follow.
Oh, I see. I see. I see. I see. I see.
Because the next step is then add the tool use, figure out how to hook it
into leaf tree, I mean, ideally.
I think.
Why don't you look into this? Because I think you're gonna end up in a rabbit hole of
trying, like, of a lot of edge cases. What about if you
guys looked at let's take one state, like, just New Jersey.
And look at what are the most common things that we do in New Jersey and
just figure out how to automate those. Right? Because if you try to do what you're talking about,
which is a wide, you're trying
to go wide, and you're saying and you're trying to have it work for all different markets, for all different
use cases, which is going to be necessarily very difficult. So
I think a simpler way to do it is if you narrow down to just New Jersey, just
GTI, and just the things they do all the time. In
New Jersey?
Yes. Got it. Like, repetitive tasks that they do in New
Jersey. Okay.
Rather I think that's a good Rather than you're, like, you know, trying to get and
just start there. Right, and so it's like and then and then it's a better conversation. It's like, hey. Sales
ops team, we automated this piece. You don't have time to go and label all these other things we need so you can kinda move on
to the next step.
Okay. That makes sense. I think that's a good item for to to discuss tomorrow. Okay.
What time is that meeting?
I think it's 7AM PST.
07:30.
Okay. Perfect. Invite invite me to that, and is there an agenda going up beforehand?
There. I was meaning to send them a list of questions.
Yeah. Perfect. Oh, yeah. Just invite me so I can listen I can listen in.
And I would tell them this New Jersey thing so they can come prepared for that. Okay.
Got it.
Okay.
And then Daniella changing gears, how's she doing?
I guess nothing major changed since our last call, but
I'm pushing her as much as I can. I mean.
Okay. So she come so her view, it's funny because she's seen things kinda like the same way you are.
Where.
Let's see. Okay.
Okay. She said.
And she said this, which I thought was which I thought was sim which is good because it's similar to
how you're thinking.
I mean, this is like it's been hard for me to know what the next steps are, what the best okay. The best practices and
the documentation that I need to read, I get that.
What are success metrics and so on? I mean, come on. Like, I've. I guess I.
I guess I should communicate in that or Yeah. To, one
big takeaway from working multiple accounts is that we needed to to create an internal SOP
of or service frameworks. For example, outlining what cleanup setup requires. I
agree. Like, all of this is needed, and I just feel like I need headspace to do it.
No. No. No. Not this isn't a no. The issue is I should just tell her, great. Can
you do it?
You can't, but we could probably get started. But, yeah, my my frustration is, like, she likes
to send me these end of day reports, which is just like this text wall, and
like, can we sync tomorrow on the Happy Caps project? I need a clear order of priorities.
So, like, that kind of a question is a junior question. Like,
I and I responded, like, basically,
like, please suggest an order of priorities based on the observance on the meeting yesterday. Like,
please challenge yourself to come back to me with suggested solutions. This is why you're on meetings. Like, she was on the meeting yesterday.
Okay. Great, and what she said?
She ignored it, and she just, like oh, oh, she actually hasn't even replied yet. See?
But she has, like, thumbs up another message. So she basically like, she's ignoring the
hard advice, and she's just sort of trying to to
stay alive with what she's doing and formulate really nice
replies with Chad GPT. I guess that's that's her thing. I'm
I'm being a hater, but.
I think my my.
Plan is to my plan is to basically push push her to be
the account POC. Like, her technical, like, marketing design and the
sense of design, sense of American culture, I think it's just lacking. Like,
it it just, like, even Minh, I would say Milan is a better, like, at at creating ads
than her at this point and and email creatives. So, like,
I think she just needs to be pushed into the direction of being, like, the account the face of the account and
communicate try to make her a communicator. And.
Okay.
What could she do this week that would add value?
I mean.
I've sent her a few things that she should be doing. Like, just focus on Happy Caps. It's
a new client. Get as many assets from their Dropbox. If he has access to a big Dropbox, we
need to convert those assets. We discussed it for the meeting. Like, 9 to 16, we
want everything vertical to be and have a a safe zone, which is ultra important. Like,
safe the real safe zone. So it's like a square safe zone, and I told her
to work with Milan and Elena to turn these images into videos and video ad concepts. Look
at Milan's tasks and figure out how you can unblock, help him, curate music for
ads based on the ICP doc that we filled out yesterday.
Like, just get get stuff moving. Like, get get ads ready, get, you
know, get Elena ideate, send Elena a concept that she can design. Look at,
you know, Milan. Milan's task post, which she's been, I think, stepping up and
really granularizing and and planning out his tasks. So, like, you
shouldn't be doing that stuff. I mean, you know, just maybe even just looking at Veronica's and Milan's tasks
every day and like, chatting them and and seeing how she can help and accelerate them and
collaborate with them, like, learn through through that process. As opposed to, like,
I'm sitting on my ****, and I'm waiting for you to give me kind of, like, what what are the
priorities? What what should I do tomorrow? Okay.
That's.
But I think it that yeah. A lot of it was, like, setting expectations and and
the day day one intro clearly makes a lot of difference. There's another learning from Max.
I'm like, this is not a 9 to 5 job and like, blah blah.
Blah. I'm buffering. Give me a second.
Did you and we did we sign happy caps as a client?
I was following up with Catarina about that because I don't know if they signed the contract yet. Sounds
like they didn't, but she's also not respond I guess, learning that she has
cat problems. But, yeah, I sent.
It's you did you resend them a Docusign? Yeah. Katarina did.
I usually do it through Vedrana, but Vedrana was out, and Katarina was kind of in charge of your stuff that day. So I I
did it through Katerina.
I was at like, I was asking, should we because I told Sean as well. Like, this guy hasn't signed
yet. Like, should I don't think we should start working on his stuff.
What'd Sean say? Keep going. Who cares?
Yeah. He was like, oh, yeah. He's definitely down to go. Like yeah. Okay. I mean, I trust Sean.
I do too. I think.
Yeah, it's highly unlikely that we end up with, like, another happy Zendeskop flop with
this. Happy Zendeskop.
Also grown.
Let's see.
He looked at it on the 24th and hasn't signed, so let's just resend it to
him.
Was that and was there another one sent? Because we were supposed to send another one because he was
like, I don't wanna do. I think he he basically asked for a month to month. Huh,
and then Katerina I sent Katerina the updated contract. I
don't know if that was sent.
Or maybe that's the slip through. It's like the follow up was never she was, like, very unresponsive.
In last week.
Yeah. It's, yes. It's, it
is month to month. Was he okay. With the 5 k?
Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's month to month. It's.
Initial term one month upon expiration. The initial term is free, which automatically for success of renewal terms of 4
one month each. So yeah. So it is what he wanted. So
you can probably clarify that for him.
Okay.
And and I, yeah, have a meeting with Embark later. So
I'll bring up the the scope. We've been getting a lot of, like, requests from
them, from the agent guy that just keeps dumping stuff on us
without any collaboration. So just we I will be calling that out as, like, we've just
got a lot of, like, Alpineiq tasks, which, again, I think that's what I wanna make clear
is, like, we. Alpine isn't in our scope, but we
are, you know, happy to it's just like yeah. That's the that's
the thing that kinda slowed us down additionally over this week.
Let me send her a note here. Where's the recording note?
Who's gonna be in that call? The everyone? Okay.
I would do it as a sidebar with Courtney not on +1 01 because that's that people are just gonna get defensive and
weird, so there's no reason to do that. Just be like, hey, Courtney. Can we do a quick sidebar?
That's I think makes sense. But the thing that happened was, like, on we got a request last week
that got missed. I think it was, like, honestly, a douchebag request.
Well, not douchebag request, but it was, like, it was sent on an Friday afternoon. But
there this request got sent, like, a few days earlier. It was like, hey. Can you make us 3 templates in
Alpine and send them out, and I got like, I spoke
to her like, this was Veronica's miss because I spoke her about it, and she assigned her to it, and then she was
supposed to chat Daniela to help, and that never happened. So, like, internally but I I think it's because, like,
there's this layer of attraction for the team. Like, they don't know how to use Alpine. Like, they never used Alpine.
So, like, any task that involves Alpine is gonna take, like, additional brainpower
to figure out and do discovery and whatever.
Okay. Okay.
Cool. So, yeah, I'm just kind of going through that and doing all the updates.
Okay.
So they asked us to do something that we don't know how to do? Only that only you would know how to do, basically.
No. No. It's fairly simple. It's like building templates and sending them out from
an email platform, but it's a platform that the team doesn't really I mean, it's
like, they can figure it out. It's not rocket science. It's just like that it's a different UI,
and we like, I was trying to figure out, like, how do I how because they asked us, like,
can you upload a CSV into Alpine, and we haven't gotten these requests before, and
I couldn't figure out how to go up. Like, I thought we were just lacking access, because it's, like, it's a whole
different thing, and it just takes time to build our
own.
Okay. So there's just some just some wow. Okay. Okay. Okay.
So I think what's your name is sort of right in that we do need some, like, here's what we
do. Here's what we don't do. Just kind of internal and external documentation. So
it's like, no. We're not we don't Alpineiq. So, I mean, could we could
we put her on building this stuff that she's talking about?
I tried. Like, just the her level of attention to detail and like, the
the entry or whatever you called is just so low. Like, I just that's
been really. I've been really struck by that. Like, she just. I mean, I
sort of I sent her a few few Slack messages, and I ended up deleting them. But, like, I just asked
her, like, do you care? Can you just can you just let me know if you care? Because, like, I can work out
for the tree puts out is, like, surface level work, and
for this document, you really need to go deep and understand it and care to
write something meaningful. Like, she she
tries to cut through everything with AI, which is, like
I guess it's a good mindset, but she is just like she will outsource every step with
it to AI just to, like, I don't wanna think about this. Like, find the easiest way to
prompt LGBT to get this task done is, like, her mindset.
Anyway, I.
Okay. Alright. So longer conversation, but so you wanna keep should we just let her go and like, keep the money? Give
some of it to you for the for the trouble? I mean.
I mean, I've had been it's been in the back of my mind till it's just like, is it better to hire two two
more juniors for that budget that she she's
taking up? So it's definitely on my mind. But.
Yeah, I I guess we that's a conversation I would maybe I
don't wanna say that it's like a threat of, like, just something to float as
like, hey.
Well, I think what you do is, if you don't mind, can I snippet part of this and send it
to Jose and be like, hey? Could you please help us? Yeah. Cool. Alright. So
I'll do that and like, see if he can help us because that's his job, and we'll see what he comes back with and
you know, that whole thing. Because it's like you you you shouldn't be miserable. I shouldn't be miserable. We're
all miserable. No one's winning here.
Got it. So. I.
Think that's the win there, and then I think it is probably.
Yeah, and I think don't look at it today, but I sent
you, like, a real AI problem for Mammoth.
I saw that. Yeah. I saw the comment, Justin. I remember that.
I don't even I I don't even understand how to do it, but basically, where you wanna start looking is, like, 19 minutes
is where they really they start talking about the real issue, which is basically, like, messy data
coming out of the retailer's POS, and they don't really have a matching scheme to do it. So
they're trying to figure out how to use AI. She tried to use AI. This girl's really smart, and she failed. So,
clearly, it's a clearly, it's a real challenge.
Okay. Yeah. I'll definitely look at that.
Yeah. So no rush on that. I'm not gonna hold you to it, but, that
seems like something real. I will see you at tomorrow's thing. Please
send them the agenda.
Some Oh, yeah. I love yeah. I also have a queue Akila call tomorrow. Okay.
What time is that?
At 9 09:30. Okay. With the ads guy and then on Thursday with the mail email
guide. Alright. So I talked to their boss.
And the woman, and her take was like, she's like, look. I think you guys are really smart. We just don't want someone else,
like, telling us what to do and like, giving a suggestion that also knows our bosses because
that's gonna be really annoying for us. So I just positioned as like, no. No. We're
not gonna do that. Just give us, like, your just give us your, like, challenging work you don't wanna do,
and like, we'll figure out how to get it done for you. It's like our foot in the door.
Got it. Got it. Yeah. That makes sense. I think I sort of positioned myself as
more like a cons consultant that will tell them what to do. Okay.
Cool.
Alright. I'll talk to you soon.
Right. Talk to you. Bye.
Can you hear me? Yes.
How's it going? Oh, good. They're they're back. They went to the park. Now they're back playing with the helicopter. Everything's going well. Oh,
good.